>> Jen Kramer: So I've gone ahead and
coded my solution here.
So it's basically the same thing over and
over again.
You just need the label button
wrapping around everything.
The input type of radio,
the name of UFO type, and
then your values may be different.
You may have called it Battlestar,
you may have called it Viper.
Or you may have called it Galactica
like I did, it doesn't matter.
Whatever you have for the value,
that will be just fine.
And then finally, for the Borg-style cube,
exactly the same thing,
the input type of radio, the name
of UFO type, and the value of Borg.
One of the common problems with radio
buttons, and you're definitely going to
wanna do, is once you have put all of
your radio buttons up onto a webpage,
you need to go through and
click them all, okay.
Click on the labels, click on the buttons,
make sure only one thing
selects at a time, okay?
If you have multiple radio buttons
selecting, all of them are selected, or
you have two of them selected in a weird
way, but the other ones are not selecting,
something happened with the value
that you have for name.
Because the value for
name needs to always be the same, okay?
So name always has to be ufotype.
You have to spell it the same way.
Silly computers, they don't do typos.
Okay, it's really easy to make a typo.
So these are typical things that
will break if you're coding a set
of radio buttons.
So anytime you see more than one selected,
it's your name.
The name has gotta be the same for
all of the radio buttons.